#0623 Create new README template (#6)
tforster/git-new: README.md

> # Generic New Project Template <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer: I find the HTML comment ugly and hacky, but am willing to live with it, for now.

Author: There is a way to do it with a separate, root-level, markdown config file. I agree it looks ugly but it the idea of using comments as directives in other languages is not unusual.

Reviewer: I think it is just because it is the title, if it were anywhere else on the page, the comments would feel more natural.  I still think this is better than adding yet another config file to the root.

1. Update [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md). For more information about open source contributions see [https://help.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors](https://help.github.com/en/github/building-a-strong-community/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors)

> 1. Delete any unwanted files in /docker (or the entire /docker folder if you're not containerising)

Reviewer: Perhaps also a line here about removing the **webproducer** directory if that is not being used in the project?

Author: ```suggestion
1. Delete any unwanted/unused files or folders such as `/docker`, `/webproducer`, etc.
```

1. Update [CHANGELOG.md](CHANGELOG.md)
1. Delete this instruction block</i>

- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
  - [Environment File (.env) Details](#environment-file-env-details)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [For Local Development](#for-local-development)
  - [To Deploy to Stage or Prod](#to-deploy-to-stage-or-prod)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Change Log](#change-log)

## Prerequisites

The versions listed for these prerequisites are current at the time of writing. More recent versions will likely work but "your mileage may vary".

- A good code editor.
- [Node.js v12.13.0 and NPM 7.0.0](https://nodejs.org/en/download/)
- [Git 2.28](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

## Installation

1. Clone to repository locally, following the directory structure convention:

   ```sh
   git clone git@github.com:tforster/git-new.git \
       ~/dev/{agent}/{client}/{product}/{project}/{component}
   ```

1. Change the current working directory to the new repository directory:

   ```sh
   cd ~/dev/{agent}/{client}/{product}/{project}/{component}
   ```

1. Install dependencies:

   ```sh
   npm install
   ```

> ### Environment File (.env) Details

Reviewer: Perhaps this can become **Configuration** and for specific projects it can cover other things like creating the certificates, etc.?

Author: ```suggestion
### Configuration
```

Environment files are .gitignored by default since they typically contain sensitive information. This section describes how to manually create an environment file for this project. Note that the .env file is located in the webproducer folder.

  ```ini
  # Comment describing the variable
  VARIABLE=some-value
  ```

## Usage

_Describe the usage here._

> ### For Local Development

Reviewer: I would probably name this something like **Development**, in keeping consistent with other headings.

Author: ```suggestion
### Development
```

> ### To Deploy to Stage or Prod

Reviewer: I would probably name this something like **Deployment**, in keeping consistent with other headings.
```suggestion
### Deployment
```
